Integrations: Fivetran (#3809)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/integrations/index.md

| [Apache Airflow][apache-airflow] | Programmatically author, schedule, and monitor workflows.                           |
| [AWS Lambda][aws-lambda]| Run code without provisioning or managing servers, scaling automatically as needed. |

## Data ingestion and streaming

|         Name         | Description                                                                                                                                                                 |
|:--------------------:|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [Fivetran][fivetran] | A fully managed data pipeline platform that simplifies ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) processes by automatically syncing data from multiple sources to your data warehouse. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Fivetran][fivetran] | Sync data from multiple sources to your data warehouse. |
```
